## Summary
At around 7pm April 8th 2025, hyrumcpizza.click (one of the premiere providers of JWT pizza) was effected by an outage of the customer's 
ability to purchase pizza. Their orders were unable to be fulfilled at the factory, and thus resulted in many unhappy customers and
untold millions lost in profit. Luckily our DevOps crew (some of the best in the business) worked tirelessly and were able to resolve this 
issue so now the application is back to its full functionality. 
## Detection
The problem was detected by the DevOps crew's OnCall Alerts set up through Grafana. They were sent a push notification that informed
them that there were an abnormal amount of pizza orders failing and they immediately began looking through their grafana logs and metrics
for clues. But mostly the problem was detected and figured out because of the amazing help of the TA. 
## Impact
For an hour and a half customers were unable to purchase their pizza. Logging in, checking profile, adding franchises, and creating new restaurants remained unaffected. Just the ordering process for customers was inhibited when the service sent their order off to the factory for it to be fulfilled. There was a bug that made it so the order could not be fulfilled. I have it on good authority that many customers muttered "ah... dang it" furtively under their breath several times as they hurriedly clicked their mouse several times in the vain hope that doing so would make the order actually go through. They then rioted and overthrew the czarist regime of early 20th century Russia. Thus resulting in the creation of the Soviet Union. Which is a travesty that could'vve been avoided 
## Timeline 
6:30 -> start to notice that some orders are faililng
7:00 -> get an alert on the grafana app that a threshold has been crossed
7:30 - 8:40 -> work to try and find what's going wrong and where the issue lies. 
## Root Cause Analysis 
The root cause was the chaos testing that was purposefully initiated by the class to test our service. 
## Resolution
In looking at the logs the following response was found {
  message: 'Failed to fulfill order at factory',
  reportPizzaCreationErrorToPizzaFactoryUrl: 'https://cs329.cs.byu.edu/api/report?apiKey=e1463e133405427cb8fda2411851df8c&fixCode=24cb7d2604ce4cd7b15d673a8ccfc42d'
}
In going to the url we found the solution to the chaos testing. Which makes sense since that's the url we need to go to "report pizza creation error to pizza factory"


